`azurerm_integration_service_environment` - mark as deprecated (#19265)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/integration_service_environment.html.markdown

Manages private and isolated Logic App instances within an Azure virtual network.

> !> **NOTE:** This resource is getting deprecated (https://aka.ms/isedeprecation). Please use [`azurerm_logic_app_standard`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/logic_app_standard) instead.

Reviewer: same here, can we explain this a little more?

```suggestion
!> **NOTE:** The `azurerm_integration_service_environment` resource is deprecated and will be removed in v4.0 of the Azure Provider. The underlying Azure Service is being retired on 2024-08-31 and new instances cannot be provisioned by default after 2022-11-01. More information on the retirement and how to migrate to [Logic Apps Standard](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/logic_app_standard) [can be found here](https://aka.ms/isedeprecation).
```

Author: Thank you tom!
